#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title

\series bold
Unit 2.
 Task 5: Attacks to SSL Protocol
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Javier Aguilera Aguilera 2º CFGS DAW
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
SSL is esentially a very secure and reliable protocol because it has a hard
 and madure theorical body but its implementations may have several errors.
 New criptoanalisis tecniques and the increased capacity of computation
 are the main factors that increase the vulnerability of SSL.
 Most attacks that affects SSL are Man-in-the-middle and identity thief
 attacks in social networks.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
A vulnerability noticed in 2008 was a programmation flaw of SSL: Incorrect
 implementations of random functions used in openSSL/Debian.
 Other type of vulnerability is known as 
\emph on
Downgrade
\emph default
, which occurs when an attacker force the user to use an older version of
 SSL.
 Another programmation flaw it based on the inclusion of the carácter NULL
 (/0) in the certificate name.
 It causes that all characters written after the NULL to be skipped and
 due to that, the identity thief can be made easily.
 A solution given is to denied all certificates whose nome contains NULL
 character.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The easiest method to break the security provided by SSL is to make the
 user thinks that he is using SSL where he does not in fact.
 An easy example is when in a Man-in-the-middle attack the attacker sends
 a false digital certificate as if he were a bank (for example).
 Another way is using SSLStrip an ingenious tool that automatic Man-in-the-middl
e attacks by substituting http instead of https.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Some recommendations given are: 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Keep your browser up to date.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Use directly the url with https.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
Denied the access to a web when the certificate is not valid.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
