#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date true
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title

\series bold
Unit 2.
 Task 4: SSL Protocol
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Javier Aguilera Aguilera 2º CFGS DAW
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
SSL protocol was created originally in the 90’s by Netscape Communications.
 It avoids integrity and confidentiality attacks or authentication like
 Man-in-the-middle.
 When conexion isn't secure the attacker con modify the transit information
 or make an identification thief of the extremes.
 For example, with a HTTP session hijacking attack which consist of stealing
 the cookie session of the user allowing its suplantation.
 TLS is based on SSL with some protection improves.An example of ssl functioning
 is a simple tls handshake, It consists of a negotiation of the encrypt
 algoritmos, key interchange and authentication and cifrado of traffic.
 Phases:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Client Hello : Information that the server needs to communicate with the
 client using SSL.
 This includes the SSL version number, cipher settings, session-specific
 data.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Server Hello: Information that the server needs to communicate with the
 client using SSL.
 This includes the SSL version number, cipher settings, session-specific
 data.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Authentication and Pre-Master Secret: Client authenticates the server certificat
e
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Decryption and Master Secret: Server uses its private key to decrypt the
 pre-master secret.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Encryption with Session Key: Both client and server exchange messages to
 inform that future messages will be encrypted.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
SSL protocol has several applications in electronic commerce (safe payment)
 or to tunnel a complete network also called VPN.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
